Updated compute and disk documentation to better reflect the state of… (#30147)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/platform/compute-and-disk.mdx

| -------------- | ----------------------- | ------------------- | ------------- | ----------- |
| Nano (free)    | 43 Mbps                | 2,085 Mbps         | 250 IOPS      | 11,800 IOPS |
| Micro          | 87 Mbps                | 2,085 Mbps         | 500 IOPS      | 11,800 IOPS |
| Small          | 174 Mbps               | 2,085 Mbps         | 1,000 IOPS    | 11,800 IOPS |
| Medium         | 347 Mbps               | 2,085 Mbps         | 2,000 IOPS    | 11,800 IOPS |
| Large          | 630 Mbps               | 4,750 Mbps         | 3,600 IOPS    | 20,000 IOPS |
| XL             | 1,188 Mbps             | 4,750 Mbps         | 6,000 IOPS    | 20,000 IOPS |
| 2XL            | 2,375 Mbps             | 4,750 Mbps         | 12,000 IOPS   | 20,000 IOPS |
| 4XL            | 4,750 Mbps             | N/A         | 20,000 IOPS   | N/A         |
| 8XL            | 9,500 Mbps             | N/A        | 40,000 IOPS   | N/A         |
| 12XL           | 14,250 Mbps            | N/A       | 50,000 IOPS   | N/A         |
| 16XL           | 19,000 Mbps            | N/A       | 80,000 IOPS   | N/A         |

### Self-Serve Configurability

> You can adjust storage type, IOPS, throughput and disk size parameters yourself through the Dashboard [here](https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/_/settings/database).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can adjust storage type, IOPS, throughput and disk size parameters yourself in the Dashboard [Database Settings](/dashboard/project/_/settings/database).
```
